Feed sync (#456)
greenbone/docs: greenbone-feed-sync-docs.md

```
$ which <feed-command>
```
-   `greenbone-certdata-sync`: This script is equivalent to greenbone-feed-sync --type CERT, and it was primarily provided for backwards compatibility.  
-   `greenbone-scapdata-sync`: This script is equivalent to greenbone-feed-sync --type SCAP 1, and it was primarily provided for backwards compatibility.
-   `greenbone-nvt-sync`: This script, written in bash, was used to download vulnerability tests data (nasl and notus files). It is deprecated since openvas-scanner 22.6.0.
-   `/usr/local/sbin/greenbone-feed-sync` or `/usr/sbin/greenbone-feed-sync`: This is the old sync script written in bash to download CERT, SCAP, and GVMD_DATA. It is no longer installed by default since gvmd 22.5.0.

### Deprecated Sync Scripts Removal
**[???]Should I include this** If you have any of the deprecated sync scripts (`greenbone-certdata-sync`, `greenbone-scapdata-sync`, `greenbone-nvt-sync`, `/usr/local/sbin/greenbone-feed-sync` or `/usr/sbin/greenbone-feed-sync`) installed, it is recommended to remove them. This step ensures a clean transition to the new sync script.
    
## Introduction Of The New Python Feed Sync Script

> A new Python-based `greenbone-feed-sync` command now replaces the deprecated feed sync scripts mentioned above. This new script can be run with can be run with **Greenbone version 22.4 and later**, however, older versions are not supported. This new feed sync method will now be installed by default as of **Greenbone Community Edition version 22.5.0**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new Python-based `greenbone-feed-sync` command now replaces the deprecated feed sync scripts mentioned above. This new script can be used within Greenbone products with **`gvmd 22.4` and later**, however, older versions are not supported. This new feed sync method will now be installed by default as of Greenbone products with **gvmd 22.5**.
```
